Link Java, JavaScript, and Python migration guides (#3694)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/libraries/javascript/overview.md

Existing JavaScript lockfiles usually contain upstream integrity hashes. Because Chainguard rebuilds packages from verified source, those hashes must be updated before reinstalling. Use `chainctl libraries update-hashes` to update them in place. Learn more in [Build configuration](/chainguard/libraries/javascript/build-configuration/#updating-lockfile-hashes/).

> For a step-by-step walkthrough of moving an existing project to Chainguard Libraries, see the [JavaScript migration guide](/chainguard/libraries/javascript/migration/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a step-by-step walkthrough of moving an existing project to Chainguard Libraries, check out the [JavaScript migration guide](/chainguard/libraries/javascript/migration/).
```
